# PrivacyPolicy

Privacy Policy This application respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, this application will not disclose or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This application will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this application service agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the application service agreement.  Scope of application (a) When you register for this application account, the personal registration information you provided according to the requirements of this application;(b) When you use this application network service or visit this application platform webpage, this application automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, Data such as language used, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;  (c) This application obtains user personal data from business partners through legal channels.

You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:  Use of information (a) This application will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and this application (including this application affiliated company) alone or jointly To provide you with services, and after the end of the service, it will be prohibited from accessing all these materials that it has been able to access before.  (b) This application also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or distribute your personal information for free. If any user of this application platform is engaged in the above activities, once found, this application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.  (c) For the purpose of serving users, this application may use your personal information to provide you with information you are interested in, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with this application partner for them Send you information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).  Information Disclosure Under the following circumstances, this application will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal wishes or legal regulations: (a) Disclosure to third parties with your prior consent; (b) To provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties; (c) Disclosure to third parties or administrative and judicial institutions in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions; (d) If you violate the relevant Chinese laws, regulations or this application service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose to a third party; (e) If you are a qualified IP complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes; (f) In a transaction created on this application platform, if any party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills the transaction obligations and requests for information disclosure, this application has the right to decide to provide the user with the contact information of the counterparty of the transaction and other necessary Information to facilitate the completion of a transaction or the settlement of disputes. (g) Other disclosures that this application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. Information storage and exchange The information and materials collected by this application about you will be stored on the servers of this application and/or its affiliated companies. These information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or outside the country where this application collects information and data and in the Be accessed, stored and displayed outside the country. Use of cookies (a) If you do not refuse to accept cookies, this application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of this application platform that rely on cookies. This application uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotional services. (b) You have the right to accept or refuse to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the application's network services or features that rely on cookies. (c) This policy will apply to the information obtained through the cookies set by this application.  information security (a) This application account has a security protection function, please keep your user name and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information is not lost, misused and altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network. (b) When using this application network service to conduct online transactions, you inevitably have to ask the counterparty or potential transaction pair.

